add Azure resubsribe and trial to the doc (#4236)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/azure-native-isv-service.md

    * [Which Azure Subscription will be billed for my Elastic resources?](#azure-integration-billing-which-subscription)
    * [How do I get different Elastic resources (deployments) charges to different Azure Subscriptions?](#azure-integration-billing-different-deployments)

>     * [How can I resubscribe to an Azure subscription](#azure-resubscribe-flow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [How can I resubscribe to an {{ecloud}} Azure subscription?](#azure-resubscribe-flow)
```

    * To convert your trial to the Azure marketplace you need to create a deployment in the Azure console. Just delete the new deployment if you don’t need it. After you create the new deployment your marketplace subscription is ready.
    * Any deployments created during your trial won’t show up in the Azure console, since they weren’t created in Azure, but they are still accessible through the [{{ecloud}} Console](https://cloud.elastic.co?page=docs&placement=docs-body) and you are billed for their usage.

> $$$azure-integration-native-trials$$$Can I sign up for an Azure trial directly from the Azure marketplace?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$$$azure-integration-native-trials$$$Can I sign up for an {{ecloud}} trial directly from the Azure marketplace?
```

> :   Yes. We now support a 7-day trial for the Azure Native ISV offering. You can start a trial by creating a deployment through the Azure Marketplace. Please note the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Yes. You can start a 7-day trial by creating a deployment through the Azure Marketplace. The following restrictions apply:
```

    * The email associated with the Azure account used to create the deployment must not already be linked to an existing Elastic organization.
    * During the 7-day trial period, there are limits on the number of deployments or serverless projects you can create. If you want to convert to a paid subscription early and use full Elastic features, please contact `support@elastic.co`.

>     * After 7 days, the trial will automatically convert to a paid offering. You may contact Elastic Support to unsubscribe, but doing so may result in your resources being deleted after a grace period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * After 7 days, the trial will automatically convert to a paid offering. You can contact Elastic Support to unsubscribe, but doing so may result in your resources being deleted after a grace period.
```

$$$azure-integration-billing-different-deployments$$$How do I get different Elastic deployment/resources charges to different Azure Subscriptions?
:   See [Integrated billing](#ec-azure-integration-billing-summary). To have different Elastic deployment/resources costs reported to different Azure subscriptions, they need to be in separate {{ecloud}} organizations. To create a separate {{ecloud}} organization from an Azure subscription, you will need to subscribe as a user who is not already part of an existing {{ecloud}} organization.

> $$$azure-resubscribe-flow$$$How can I resubscribe to an Azure subscription?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$$$azure-resubscribe-flow$$$How can I resubscribe to an {{ecloud}} Azure subscription?
```

:   If your organization is currently unsubscribed from the Azure Marketplace, you can resubscribe through any of your existing Azure deployments in the Azure Portal:

    1. Open one of your deployments to view its overview page.
    2. From the left navigation pane, select **Connected Elastic Cloud Resources**.

>         :::{image} /deploy-manage/images/azure-reconnect-window.png

Author: I do think the screenshot would be useful in illustrating the steps for readers.
Fixed the image display in https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/4236/commits/375ed7ba7096c40caae1fd8820d59873cf4c6231
